hello friends today we are here to
show you the ufo cam with its latest
firmware version as you will check is
spectacular new automatisms that
have been incorporated that allow us
have automatic takeoff and landing
from a lever we will expose
hold position and we're going to give the
automatic takeoff
the device takes off and stays
maintaining the position at a point a
about 23 meters high as you can see
and I could now modify his position
from the stick but what we would give is
an order of displacement since
he is managing the flight in a way
automatic we would have what I can
move to the left I can
move to the right and the
would manage the flight to do the
trajectory that I am sending you
we can see that the control system of
height is now much more accurate let's
to lower the height a little
let's go and nail the height as you see
can go back up
let's go and nail the height the precision
in the height control is much higher
which gives us much more peace of mind
the time to fly
I want you to see that the manual control
it's not overly complicated and although
always the automatisms obviously
they are what would make me handle it
anyone
the manual auto flight I will pass it to
manual so you can see it even though there
a certain wind with which good will happen
the wind takes a little bit I
correct I bring it here
and I have no more to do
corrections to keep it at a point
As you can see, the behavior is very noble
it does not make sudden movements nor
has aggressive behaviors is
all very smoothed so that the video is
the best possible we will go back to spend
to the autopilot and would go back to
stay in position I bring it
a little here so you can see how
does the one
the fully automatic landing
This is one of the last functions that
have been incorporated and they make this
team can handle it as you see
any since it is practically
everything automated we stop the engines
now so we can see the
Exceptional automatic capabilities of
this team we are going to make a flight in the
which I 'm not going to look at the device in
no time will you see what we can do
the takeoff completely
automatic without the need of even
see the device he stays
position and height which is what we read
and put on the station and we could
control perfectly both
displacements as height that
would manage the flight automatically
we see how well he ascends and stays
maintaining if it has height nailed
at the point we have asked
descend and let go of the stick and brake
perfectly we are going to do this same
movement with a little more agility
so you can see
as management in more abrupt movements
and how it stops perfectly as you see it is
impressive flight management is
has achieved with this last
update especially in the control
of height that is very improved we will see
that we can also make the landing
completely automatically
Even today there is a certain good
another very interesting feature that
we have implemented in the ufo cam is the
possibility of using stations of
camera operator that would allow us
control both the inclination of the
camera as the apparatus rotation like
the zoom or the photo shot this is
possible thanks to a system of
automatic orientation that allows us
make straight paths with
independence of the apparatus rotation
that is, we can be doing
rotations to keep the frame with
the camera operator's station
while the pilot makes a trajectory
and that rotation of the camera operator does not
would affect the flight of that device
we can make frames that would be
very complicated to do with a single
pilot is characteristic we think
very interesting and we have developed
this type of screen for
to the camera operator station that
would allow us to see the video in time
real while doing these
controls all the details we saw
that were necessary from the practice
we have incorporated them and features
as the simplicity of repair the use
of low cost rotors and the
stability of the image have been
our main in our
main objectives when it comes to
develop this team with which
We believe that we have solved many of the
problems that exist in other equipment
From the market
another novelty that has incorporated
recently the micro- copd technology
air is the possibility of using tablets
android to schedule routes to
teams this is achieved through
this device that is the range
extend that serves as a link between the
tablet and the infoca
this new application available for
Android allows us new systems
generation of routes has
spoken telemetry and a lot of
new features that we can see
in a video soon we will do
expressly of this system
finally let's see how the ufo cam
is able to make a flight completely
automatic without the need of any type
control from the station from the
takeoff until landing we have
programmed a route through the computer
a quite simple way and
he just had to start the
engines and with this keyboard here I'm going to
execute the route and he is going to commission
of doing the complete included takeoff and
Landing let's see
You can see how the takeoff
and going to the different points there
go to the first point and it will go
doing the whole route while
the device makes the route I want
tell you some of the
main characteristics of this
team this team is thought
mainly for aerial filming
in such a way that it is very smoothed
all your movements so that the video
go out as best as possible
Logically, it stabilizes
camera on two axes in such a way that the
video comes out the best we can
obtained very interesting results in
this sense also comment that is
designed to
that is very easy to repair that no
have vibrations is a team thought
by and for the air filming I hope
that you liked the capabilities
completely automatic that the
luxury cam in its latest version